#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.0.1
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via tox
cerberus==1.3.5
    # via plette
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
dill==0.3.7
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.7
    # via
    #   requirementslib
    #   virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
docopt==0.6.2
    # via pipreqs
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-drf-extensions==9.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==20.1.0
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
httpretty==0.9.7
    # via -r requirements/test.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.0
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via code-annotations
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
newrelic==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pep517==0.13.1
    # via requirementslib
pillow==10.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pip-api==0.0.30
    # via isort
pipreqs==0.4.13
    # via isort
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   requirementslib
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
plette[validation]==0.4.4
    # via requirementslib
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via requirementslib
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via pydantic
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   pyjwt
pylint==3.0.2
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via tox
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via faker
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via code-annotations
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   requirementslib
    #   yarg
requirementslib==3.0.0
    # via isort
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   httpretty
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pep517
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via
    #   plette
    #   pylint
    #   requirementslib
tox==4.11.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   annotated-types
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pylint
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.25.0
    # via tox
yarg==0.1.9
    # via pipreqs

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
